Is anyone using Mojo for production?

What was the magic env variable to get more dispatcher debugging?

can a mojo app be a mix of ::lite and normal mojolicious ?

mojolicious has a concept of form handling?

what does shagadelic mean?

but doesn't 'shagadelic' means fuckable?

didn'tsomeone have a vim syntax for epl

okay, where the actual manual?

does mojo have forward and detach functions like cat?

can mojo be ran as a cgi script? for shared hosting services?

anything noteworthy been built using mojo yet?

does mojo natively support sessions?

how can i help out or otherwise support this project?

Hello there. Does Mojo has ORM?

Do you really only depend on version zero of everything?

does mojo have "models" like catalyst?

mojo does it's own accessor stuff?

Has sri released recently?

what am I doing wrong?

Does anybody know how the animated gifs on the mojolicious webpage were
created?

does mojo do any gzip/deflating?

are there bridge examples anywhere ?

mojo distinguishes between /url/ and /url ?

was that thing developed by a bunch of monkeys?

Thoughts?

seems like it's fucked inside mojo?

is software ever "finished"?

how is your documentation process is going?

is there an example of a json renderer anywhere ?

Could you at least write 5 paragraphs in the manual getting started page?

is the mojolicious command line tool?

Where do you want bug reports?

mojo's license is AL, any reason you didn't go with same as perl? (GPL or AL)

Herr Mojo?

i just switched to mojo, i am redoing my personal website. should i use mojo or
mojo lite for this task?

what exactly does the "shagadelic" method do?

am i doing something wrong, perldoc Mojo::Manual::Mojolicious does'nt contain
anything useful?

where is the documentation for mojo?

how can i set content-type in lite app?

Anyone here use git tags?

What's your "workflow" to submit to CPAN?

why would you need that much speed?

How can I construct a pattern that matches '/'?

whant to port mojo to perl6?

Does unsupported mean "don't use" or just "swim at your own risk"?

what would be the point of adding a feature if it's not tested and might break at any time?

a simple mojo wiki anyone?

where is all this great documentation i've been hearing about?

stylish pdf mojo cheatsheet?

does mojo have an email module?

anyone awake here?

how do run Mojo as a cgi script, using a browser?

can't you use host => qr// with route?

how would you redirect in mojo?

does mojo have a built-in way to add accessors to your app?

where do i define the db connection?

Does Mojolicous reload yourself after file changing?

is there really that much politics in programming?

How to include other files inside epl?

is it a coinsidence that there is a Catalyst wiki called mojomojo?

Do you plan use Moose in Mojo?

does Mojo::Loader catch syntax errors?

Where can I see an example of Mojolicious + MojoX::Session?

today we switch to python?

still awake?

is there an easy way to change the templates base dir for Mojolicious::Lite?

What's an attribute 'name' for? In routes. Where should I use it?

is it possible with Mojo::JSON to check the syntax?

Whats best practice for mojo and mod_perl2?

How to get a list of all names only of parameters?

Are you marcus ramburg?

do we have usable json in mojo yet?

what is epl short for? english premier league?

I want to custamize Mojo::Template encoding. Is there the way to do it through
Mojolicious?

what's the latest status on mojolicious documentation?

iI see you're about keeping it free of dependencies - how do you feel about
people developing extensions?

I don't understand waypoint and bridge. When do I use waypoint and bridge?

what for should i use html_escape and xml_escape?

what do you mean by 'nothing works'?

how can I help you?

how's the new docs coming along?

How to render data/plainfile.html in template?

web in a box?

Can I include a second template in a Mojo::Template file?

how's your month of docs going?

How to get an absolute path of app home?

How to add charset utf-8 by default in headers?

how do I get params inside a controller?

Where is the test server's document root? Is it just in whatever directory you
invoke it?

anyone know how I can get the remote IP address within a Mojo controller?

how do I access the transaction from within a handler in the controller?

Has anyone used mojolicious and the Petal templating system together? Would it
be tricky to do?

How to use MyApp::CARROT as controller?

Anyone know how I can stuff raw HTML into a Mojolicious template without it
getting escaped?

Does ep stand for something?

so I can easily convert a cgi based app to mojo ?

when do you plan 1.0?

Does anyone know why I might be having trouble accessing files within my
'public' directory?  For some reason I'm unable to get my public js and css
files to load.

I have 5 actions for one route. And I have 5 $self->render( ... ) at the end of
every action. ;) How to render universally? For example to run a function to
render depending on a parameter from stash?

Bridge is used before route. Is it available to run action after route?

how do I set a cookie from a mojolicious controller?

how do I do an external redirect from a controller?

Does setting $self->res->body bypass the rendering in
MojoX::Dispatcher::Routes::dispatch ?

what happens when you do $tx->pause? switching to other transactions?

Anyone have a favourite i18n module that's nice to use / plays nice with
mojo(licious)?

there's a mojo modules page?

going for the advent calendar plan after all?

doesn't mojo have an async http client built in now?

Any ideas about how hard it would be to embed a mojo app in a catalyst app?

How to create a "https" link via url_for?

Is it available to create a full link (with http://) via url_for?

MP3 streaming client?

How to use ladders?

anybody using mojo for high-trafic sites? What's the performance like?

Is there a way to access the route's name from within the .ep templates?

Mojolicious rules. Why people in the perl world don't unserstand this simple
thing?

What is the difference between dispatch() and process()?

Can I create POST request emulating HTML form?

Are there any bigger example application? Or even real ones?

Could someone tell me how to run Mojolicious with fastcgi?

--address. It can't listen unix socket?

what about nginx & mojo fcgi? Must it have something special in fastcgi
paramenters?

so what would be the fastest way to get up to speed on Mojo?

I want only 2 or 3 processes of fcgi, how to run? I tried --servers 2, but again
get 6 processes.

btw, this is the most jabber I've seen on #mojo in a week. is it usually quiet?

is there a mojo component to manage users authentifications and sessions ?

why is mojo telling me "It looks like you don't have the Mojo Framework
installed." even though I just installed it?

how do I tell Mojolicious::Lite that the content I'm about to send is
"application/xml"?

With $client->post, where do I put my post data in?

How can i determine name of current route?

How to reload mojolicious application? What a signal should I send to a process?

is there somewhere to paste?

I just want to run a Mojo app on a single location within a site... is this
possible?

how can one add addional params when loading a plugin?

does Mojo::Client follow redirects?

Can you explain to newbie how can i pass additional fcgi params to mojolicious
app?

Access to raw enviroments is not available?

How to run Mojolicious::Lite on different adderess:port?

Is there a page with list of sites build on mojo?

does anyone know if it is possible to use Template::Toolkit with
Mojolicious::Lite?

Is there way to clear template cache of mojo server without restarting server?

how can one load a plugin with a different namespace?

inside mojo, is there a better way to report an error but calling die?

Are there any thoughts or ideas about using Mojo with Moose or at least Mouse?

is there a startup sub for mojo lite apps?

Could someone explain to me what waypoint() does?

Is there a way to specify query parameters in url_for, or do I need to handle
that myself?

all new to mojo, any tutorials about ?

do you tweet?

btw are u looking for contributors, if so how ?

when should one use charset plugin?

can someone make this work?

somehow set headers having a hashref without iterating?

Do you plan have a talk about Mojo on any Perl workshop or YAPC?

are there reserved stash keys?
